README.md, before:

# android-samples

This repository contains android tutorial projects that contain code of the sample applications that implements any particular feature. This repository is to help the developer to understand the feature and quickly implement the working code for that feature.

##Here is the list of all the samples:
- [**Android Quick Settings Tile**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/Android-N-Quick-Settings): This sample implements Quick Settings Tiles introduced in Android 7.0.
- [**Android Wear Notifications**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/Wearable%20Notification): This sample demonstrates how you can extend simple notification to perform android wear specific actions.
- [**Sample Android Wear App**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/WearableApp): This is the sample android app that runs on android wear and demonstrates how to implement always on screen, step counter and responsive layout for square and round screens. 

##Contribution:
If you have any sample app that might be useful to other android developers, you are welcome to contribute by creating [new pull request](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/pulls). Before creating the pull request, you must read [contribuion guide lines](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

###If you have any queries message me on [@Kevalonly77](https://twitter.com/Kevalonly77). Follow me on Twitter at [@Kevalonly77](https://twitter.com/Kevalonly77) to get more updates.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Watchface sample

README.md, after:

# android-samples

This repository contains android tutorial projects that contain code of the sample applications that implements any particular feature. This repository is to help the developer to understand the feature and quickly implement the working code for that feature.

##Here is the list of all the samples:
- [**Android Quick Settings Tile**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/Android-N-Quick-Settings): This sample implements Quick Settings Tiles introduced in Android 7.0.
- [**Android Wear Notifications**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/Wearable%20Notification): This sample demonstrates how you can extend simple notification to perform android wear specific actions.
- [**Watchface**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/WatchfaceSample): This sample demonstrates how you create smaple watchface and cusomize it.
- [**Sample Android Wear App**](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/tree/master/WearableApp): This is the sample android app that runs on android wear and demonstrates how to implement always on screen, step counter and responsive layout for square and round screens. 

##Contribution:
If you have any sample app that might be useful to other android developers, you are welcome to contribute by creating [new pull request](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/pulls). Before creating the pull request, you must read [contribuion guide lines](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/android-samples/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

###If you have any queries message me on [@Kevalonly77](https://twitter.com/Kevalonly77). Follow me on Twitter at [@Kevalonly77](https://twitter.com/Kevalonly77) to get more updates.
